RADIO CHEATSHEET


Channels: Want to change channels?
1. Turn PRI SCAN off (push PRI & SCAN buttons on radio)
2. Turn channel selector to desired channel
3. Proceed with transmission
4. Return “home”, Turn channel selector back to SQF channel 4, tone 12
5. Turn PRI & SCAN on


Tones: Want to change tones?
1. Turn PRI & SCAN off
2. Turn channel selector to desired channel (if you’re changing channels)
3. Tap desired tone number on the mic keypad
4. Proceed with transmission
5. Return “home” (channel 4, tone 12):
1. Turn channel selector back to channel 4 (if you changed channels)
2. Enter 12 on the mic keypad
3. Turn PRI & SCAN on


Zones:   Want to change zones (formerly called Groups)? 
*** only do this if specifically asked to do so
FYI:  10:  HLRD, FKU,   11:  HLRD, TUU,    13: HLRD-FIRE,    14: HLRD, KNP SNF
1. Turn PRI & SCAN off
2. On the base mic, tap the pound (#) sign
3. On the base mic, tap the desired zone number (10, 11, 13, 14, etc.)
4. On the base mic, tap the “ENT” key
5. Select channel and proceed with your business
6. Return to Zone 14:
1. On the base mic, tap pound (#) sign
2. On the base mic, tap the number 14
3. On the base mic, tap the “ENT” key
4. Turn radio to channel 4, tone 12
5. Turn PRI & SCAN on
6. Turn the radio off then back on checking the faceplate to confirm zone


SCAN:  Want to add/remove from scan list?
To check to see if a channel is on the scan list:
1. Take radio out of scan mode
2. Turn to desired channel.  SCN will appear in the display if it’s on the scan list


To program a scan list:
1. Take the radio out of scan mode
2. Place channel selector knob on channel you wish to add or remove
1. Add a channel - Tap the “ENT” key on the right side of the keypad. 
You will hear a beep then see “SCN” on the display.  This will indicate 
that you have chosen that channel to scan
2. Remove a channel - Tap the “CLR” key on the right side of the keypad.  
The “SCN” on the display will be removed and you’re no longer 
scanning that channel


Priority:  Need to change the priority?
To change the priority channel:
1. Turn PRI and SCAN off
2. Select the channel to be designated priority
3. Tap PRI on the right side of the keypad and “priority” should show in the display
4. Turn PRI & SCAN on


